1. not only this session will hornor philosophy and work-guide, but all spawned subagents
2. evolve this rabbit to a feature oriented workflow with TDD(test driven workflow) steps. Features can be updated, deleted, created...
3. TDD steps must be hardend, meaning not only this session but also all spawned subagents know what step it is in, what's the next step and on what criteria it will hand over the deliverables.
4. explore current workflow, extract as feature and test
5. feature in .claude/features/<feature name>
6. test of each feature in .claude/features/<feature name>/test
7. I have to remind you again to hornor philosophy and work-guide when developing the whole system above, you will check against each and every rule of them until nothing is violated
8. bug file system. bugs should be filed under .claude/docs/bugs/<bug name>. Consider bug status too, open, close, reopen and such.
9. bug name must obey some rule, extendable with no duplication. Perhaps to hornor the bounded scope philosophy, we shall create a dedicated bug handler subagent? Your call on yes or no and if yes, agent's name. If the bug caught a feature bug that test not covered, hand over to that feature's owner to reflect and add/enchance test.
10. create a subagent who handle the edit inside .claude, call it breeder (who breed the rabbit), no one else has the permission of write to .claude, even the main session itself.
11. for any non-rabbit feature, such as user owned project, follow the same pattern as #5, #6 and #8 but under a user specified local folder such as projA/features/. Each spawned subagent's scope is recommended to that feature folder
12. above #10 permission law shoud be hardened with json, not local but shared settings.json
13. you do your best to avoid break of TDD steps.
14. remind you again to hornor the philosophy and work-guide
15. with this one time's permission, you go with your own judges for design decision calls. I will go to sleep now and when I come back, I want to see work done ( or still working, but not halt to wait for my input)
16. you are free of any github and git actions execpt for merging to top.
17. you are free of any command, python or linux, but scope is limited to this folder only
18. the current brainstorm to code quality review workflow also looks good, you might want to leveage to TDD steps.
19. Make sure TDD steps for feature development drift is a hard ban, no drift, no skip, unless user directly commanded.
20. you will use the feature oriented development workflow and TDD steps itself to do the evolving.
22. for TDD steps, when you do test, it must be a hard end-to-end test with no human intervention
23. make a hard rule that if any subagent that is going to do brainstorming or spec writing or planning or any that kind of job, use Opus with max effert.
24. make a hard rule, whenever updating/deleting/add a new feature, use new git branch and PR, never work on main.
